README.md, before:

<img width="1280" height="640" alt="img" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a29d8ff-feed-41a0-a31d-556735e4aa31" /><p align="center">
ng" alt="Project Banner" width="100%">
</p>

# [“Inkwell” – Where ideas come alive on every page.] 🎯

## Basic Details

### Team Name: [Eagleeyes]

### Team Members
- Member 1: [Mithra P Suriakanth] - [Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering and Technology]
- Member 2: [Mitushi Manoj] - [Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering and Technology]

### Hosted Project Link
[https://mitushi-6.github.io/tink-her-hack/]

### Project Description
[Inkwell is an interactive digital journal that lets users capture their daily thoughts, ideas, and memories in a visually engaging way. Users can write, organize, and flip through their journal pages like a real book, while adding images, cropping them, and turning them into personalized stickers for a creative touch]

### The Problem statement
[Many people struggle to maintain a daily journal due to the lack of engaging and interactive tools. Traditional journaling can feel monotonous, and digital alternatives often lack personalization, creative expression, and the tactile feel of flipping through pages. Users also find it difficult to integrate multimedia elements like images seamlessly into their journals.]

### The Solution
[Inkwell solves these problems by providing a digital journaling platform that mimics the experience of a real flip-book. Users can write freely on beautifully designed pages, flip through their entries, and personalize their journal with images by cropping and placing them as stickers. This interactive approach encourages consistent journaling while allowing creative expression, making the process engaging and enjoyable]

---

## Technical Details

### Technologies/Components Used

**For Software:**
- Languages used: [e JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
- Libraries used: [HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript]
- Tools used: [VS Code, Git]

---

## Features

List the key features of your project:
- Feature 1: [Users can log in with a username and password, ensuring personal entries are private.]
- Feature 2: [After login, users see a home page with a folder representing the journal, providing a realistic “select your journal” experience.]
- Feature 3: [The journal has a thick, brown cover with multiple pages that flip realistically, mimicking a real notebook.]
- Feature 4: [Users can write directly on the journal pages without accidental flipping, preserving the immersive writing experience.]

---

## Implementation

### For Software:

#### Installation
```bash
[Installation commands - e.g., npm install, pip install -r requirements.txt]
```

#### Run
```bash
[Run commands - e.g., npm start, python app.py]
```

---

## Project Documentation

### For Software:

#### Screenshots (Add at least 3)

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (93)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39ea4ed3-2638-4f8b-8d42-e14adbdedfb6" />
](Add screenshot 1 here with proper name)
*Login page*

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (94)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44f582e8-9ddf-4e2b-bee0-97bcc77e8ead" />
](Add screenshot 2 here with proper name)
*Journal Page*

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (95)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad40764f-2a34-4598-932e-267fd0028020" />
](Add screenshot 3 here with proper name)
*Adding journaling details and writings*

#### Diagrams

**System Architecture:**

![<img width="544" height="674" alt="Screenshot 2026-02-21 061652" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b3f2a5d-8017-4115-8c4a-d066bb84b529" />
](docs/architecture.png)
*System Architecture
User – Opens the app, logs in, and interacts with the journal.

Login Page – Accepts username and password; after login, goes to the home page.

Home Page – Shows a folder representing the journal; clicking it opens the journal.

Journal Page (3D Book) – Contains a thick brown cover and multiple pages that can flip.

Editable Pages – Users can write directly on pages without accidentally flipping them.

Page Flipping – Clicking outside the writing area flips pages realistically.

Local Storage (Optional) – Saves written entries in the browser for later retrieval.

Data Flow:
User → Login → Home → Select Journal → Open Book → Write → Flip Pages → Save (optional)

Tech Stack:
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (front-end only)*

**Application Workflow:**

![<img width="2560" height="6278" alt="User Journal System Flow-2026-02-21-005807" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e320ba63-63d2-4f2b-912d-fc36def2ac57" />](docs/workflow.png)
*Add caption explaining your workflow*

---

## Project Demo

### Video
[Add your demo video link here - YouTube, Google Drive, etc.]

*Explain what the video demonstrates - key features, user flow, technical highlights*

### Additional Demos
[Add any extra demo materials/links - Live site, APK download, online demo, etc.]

---

## AI Tools Used (Optional - For Transparency Bonus)

If you used AI tools during development, document them here for transparency:

**Tool Used:** [GitHub ,Copilot, ChatGPT, Claude]

**Purpose:** [What you used it for]
- Example: "Generated boilerplate React components"
- Example: "Debugging assistance for async functions"
- Example: "Code review and optimization suggestions"

**Key Prompts Used:**
- "Create a REST API endpoint for user authentication"
- "Debug this async function that's causing race conditions"
- "Optimize this database query for better performance"

**Percentage of AI-generated code:** [Approximately 90%]

**Human Contributions:**
- Architecture design and planning
- Custom business logic implementation
- Integration and testing
- UI/UX design decisions

*Note: Proper documentation of AI usage demonstrates transparency and earns bonus points in evaluation!*

---

## Team Contributions

- [Name 1]: [Specific contributions - e.g., Frontend development, API integration, etc.]
- [Name 2]: [Specific contributions - e.g., Backend development, Database design, etc.]
- [Name 3]: [Specific contributions - e.g., UI/UX design, Testing, Documentation, etc.]

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [LICENSE_NAME] License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

**Common License Options:**
- MIT License (Permissive, widely used)
- Apache 2.0 (Permissive with patent grant)
- GPL v3 (Copyleft, requires derivative works to be open source)

---

Made with ❤️ at TinkerHub

Commit message:

Enhance README with workflow and contribution details
Updated the README to include detailed explanations of the application workflow, AI contributions, and team contributions.

README.md, after:

<img width="1280" height="640" alt="img" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a29d8ff-feed-41a0-a31d-556735e4aa31" /><p align="center">
ng" alt="Project Banner" width="100%">
</p>

# [“Inkwell” – Where ideas come alive on every page.] 🎯

## Basic Details

### Team Name: [Eagleeyes]

### Team Members
- Member 1: [Mithra P Suriakanth] - [Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering and Technology]
- Member 2: [Mitushi Manoj] - [Adi Shankara Institute of Engineering and Technology]

### Hosted Project Link
[https://mitushi-6.github.io/tink-her-hack/]

### Project Description
[Inkwell is an interactive digital journal that lets users capture their daily thoughts, ideas, and memories in a visually engaging way. Users can write, organize, and flip through their journal pages like a real book, while adding images, cropping them, and turning them into personalized stickers for a creative touch]

### The Problem statement
[Many people struggle to maintain a daily journal due to the lack of engaging and interactive tools. Traditional journaling can feel monotonous, and digital alternatives often lack personalization, creative expression, and the tactile feel of flipping through pages. Users also find it difficult to integrate multimedia elements like images seamlessly into their journals.]

### The Solution
[Inkwell solves these problems by providing a digital journaling platform that mimics the experience of a real flip-book. Users can write freely on beautifully designed pages, flip through their entries, and personalize their journal with images by cropping and placing them as stickers. This interactive approach encourages consistent journaling while allowing creative expression, making the process engaging and enjoyable]

---

## Technical Details

### Technologies/Components Used

**For Software:**
- Languages used: [e JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
- Libraries used: [HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript]
- Tools used: [VS Code, Git]

---

## Features

List the key features of your project:
- Feature 1: [Users can log in with a username and password, ensuring personal entries are private.]
- Feature 2: [After login, users see a home page with a folder representing the journal, providing a realistic “select your journal” experience.]
- Feature 3: [The journal has a thick, brown cover with multiple pages that flip realistically, mimicking a real notebook.]
- Feature 4: [Users can write directly on the journal pages without accidental flipping, preserving the immersive writing experience.]

---

## Implementation

### For Software:

#### Installation
```bash
[Installation commands - e.g., npm install, pip install -r requirements.txt]
```

#### Run
```bash
[Run commands - e.g., npm start, python app.py]
```

---

## Project Documentation

### For Software:

#### Screenshots (Add at least 3)

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (93)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39ea4ed3-2638-4f8b-8d42-e14adbdedfb6" />
](Add screenshot 1 here with proper name)
*Login page*

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (94)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44f582e8-9ddf-4e2b-bee0-97bcc77e8ead" />
](Add screenshot 2 here with proper name)
*Journal Page*

![<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Screenshot (95)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad40764f-2a34-4598-932e-267fd0028020" />
](Add screenshot 3 here with proper name)
*Adding journaling details and writings*

#### Diagrams

**System Architecture:**

![<img width="544" height="674" alt="Screenshot 2026-02-21 061652" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b3f2a5d-8017-4115-8c4a-d066bb84b529" />
](docs/architecture.png)
*System Architecture
User – Opens the app, logs in, and interacts with the journal.

Login Page – Accepts username and password; after login, goes to the home page.

Home Page – Shows a folder representing the journal; clicking it opens the journal.

Journal Page (3D Book) – Contains a thick brown cover and multiple pages that can flip.

Editable Pages – Users can write directly on pages without accidentally flipping them.

Page Flipping – Clicking outside the writing area flips pages realistically.

Local Storage (Optional) – Saves written entries in the browser for later retrieval.

Data Flow:
User → Login → Home → Select Journal → Open Book → Write → Flip Pages → Save (optional)

Tech Stack:
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (front-end only)*

**Application Workflow:**

![<img width="2560" height="6278" alt="User Journal System Flow-2026-02-21-005807" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e320ba63-63d2-4f2b-912d-fc36def2ac57" />](docs/workflow.png)
*This diagram shows the workflow of the interactive journal application: from user login to writing in a 3D flipping journal with editable pages*

---

## Project Demo

### Video
[Add your demo video link here - YouTube, Google Drive, etc.]

*Explain what the video demonstrates - key features, user flow, technical highlights*

### Additional Demos
[Add any extra demo materials/links - Live site, APK download, online demo, etc.]

---

## AI Tools Used (Optional - For Transparency Bonus)

If you used AI tools during development, document them here for transparency:

**Tool Used:** [GitHub ,Copilot, ChatGPT, Claude]

**Purpose:** [What you used it for]
- Example: "Assisted in writing HTML/CSS/JS code for the interactive 3D journal"
- Example: "Provided guidance on implementing page flipping and editable pagess"
- Example: "Debugging and optimizing scripts to prevent accidental flipping while writings"

**Key Prompts Used:**
- "Create a 3D flipping journal with editable pages using HTML, CSS, and JS"
- "Fix accidental page flipping when user types in contenteditable area"
- "Explain the system architecture in simple terms for a project report"

**Percentage of AI-generated code:** [Approximately 90%]

**Human Contributions:**
- Designing the project workflow and structure
- Deciding on the brown thick book aesthetic and page layout
- Integrating login, home page, and journal navigation

*Note: Proper documentation of AI usage demonstrates transparency and earns bonus points in evaluation!*

---

## Team Contributions

- [Mitushi Manoj]: [Specific contributions - 3D journal design,workflow & system architecture design.]
- [Mithra P Suriakanth]: [Specific contributions - e.g., page flipping logic,able pages implementation ]

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [LICENSE_NAME] License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

**Common License Options:**
- MIT License (Permissive, widely used)
- Apache 2.0 (Permissive with patent grant)
- GPL v3 (Copyleft, requires derivative works to be open source)

---

Made with ❤️ at TinkerHub
